---
layout: page
name: Keynotes
permalink: /keynote/

---

<img class="keynotepic" src="{{site.baseurl}}/resources/images/balakrishnan.jpg" />

<h2>Making Roads Safer by Making Drivers Better</h2>

[Hari Balakrishnan](http://nms.csail.mit.edu/~hari/)

<br/>

<p>The world's roads see over 50 million injuries and 1.25 million
fatalities every year; road accidents are now the leading cause of
death among people between the ages of 15 and 30. This talk will
describe how mobile sensing, large-scale data analytics, and applied
machine learning can improve road safety by making people better
drivers. I'll discuss several research and engineering challenges in
achieving this goal, as well as learnings from successful commercial
deployments in multiple countries. Interesting problems include
inferring vehicular dynamics and trajectories from noisy sensor data;
activity classification; detecting and discouraging distracted
driving; designing good incentives, feedback, and "safety challenge"
games; back-end scaling of a workload consisting of resource-intensive
processing and interactive social features; and the design of new
sensing platforms.</p>

<br/>

<strong>Bio:</strong>

<p>Hari Balakrishnan is the Fujitsu Professor of Computer Science and a
Director of MIT's Center for Wireless Networks and Mobile
Computing. His research is in networked computer systems, with current
interests in networking, data management, and sensing for a world of
"truly mobile" devices connected to cloud services running in large
datacenters. He and Sam Madden led the CarTel project at MIT, which
made several pioneering contributions in the area of vehicular sensor
computing and networking. Building on this research, they started
Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT), a company that develops mobile
sensing, inferencing, and data analytics technologies to change driver
behavior and make roads safer around the world. </p>

<br/>

<a name="hernandez"><img class="keynotepic" src="{{site.baseurl}}/resources/images/ghernandez.png" /></a>

<h2>How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Transactions</h2>

George R. Hernandez

<br/>

<strong>Bio: </strong>

<p> George Hernandez joined PNNL in 2009 and works in the Advanced Building
 Controls group. Mr. Hernandez is a Staff Scientist and senior demand side
 management professional with innovative and detail-oriented knowledge to
 develop and produce successful programs that deliver products and services
 to the commercial and industrial energy marketplace. Mr. Hernandez is
 distinguished by exceptional execution skills that enable efficient concept
 to product delivery. Currently, Mr. Hernandez is on detail at the Department
 of Energy as a Technical Advisor specifically in the area of Sensor and
 Controls.  While at DOE, he has co authored the High Performance RTU
 Challenge, the Buildings Performance Database, the Low Cost Wireless
 Metering Challenge, Energy Information Handbook, the Portable Sensor
 Suitcase, Open Source Small Building Control System, and the Transactional
 Network project.  Mr. Hernandez has extensive knowledge, skills, and
 capabilities derived from a substantial career in
 demand side utility management across a wide variety of commercial and
 industrial sectors and utilities as both a corporate employee and an
 independent consultant. Mr. Hernandez received his BS in Mechanical
 Engineering from California State University and his Masters in Mechanical
 Engineering from The University of California at Berkeley. He is a Licensed
 Professional Engineer (PE) by the State of California. </p>
